all right what's going on guys it's
Michael MGF and today I'm going to be
doing a custom minifigure showcase video
these two I have here are my custom
Stila Sean and Darth Revan figures these
guys are from Knights of the Old
Republic and you know um
reven here saunder from flickr wanted me
to make him after I made Bastila Shan
start figure why not make reven and also
Bastila Shan I have a Bastila Shan
figure coming in the mail and it's been
I've been waiting awhile so in the wild
lightweight I figure why not make up
Lego one so as you can see here these
guys you'll notice these are not made
with decals at all these are completely
hand painted I did not use any decals
and these guys so that's what really
makes these unique in my point of view
also gonna move revin over for now I do
not have my camera on a tripod so do
excuse any shakiness but yeah so as you
can see here the torso is totally
painted you got the dark red there you
get some black lines going through a
chest there so yeah not you know I
Carolee not much to explain on the
painting honestly you see she has the
red shoulder pads there and they're red
wrists he grabbed boots and the red kind
of like waist capes going down from her
sides she does have a green lightsaber a
double bladed green lightsaber she's
actually supposed to have a yellow one
but you know there's I even if Lego did
make yellow lightsaber blades I don't
have any so light green will do for now
so that is Wasilla Shawn you can see she
also she uses the Princess Tamina head
from Prince of Persia or a Princess Leia
head you can see the hair here and then
I got that from the LEGO City set so no
real specific character I can aim for
that hairpiece anyway moving on to Darth
Revan you can see Darth Revan I was
really happy with the result on him you
see the torso here I'm gonna remove his
hood I'm gonna do that oh you can see
his torso is totally hand-painted by me
you can see I fainted little silver
outlines a little black lines they're
painted a dark red you got a little
strap going along there
you know I basically painted everything
on the torso and I really like I did it
not sound cocky or anything but I think
I did pretty good
you see his face mask I got the silver
there and then the little visor that he
looks through his Mandalorian advisor
he's pretty cool so you see he just has
a standard Cape standard black legs and
standard black arms I could add some
more details of the arms but I think
that leave the legs for now the hilt I
just kind of painted some black on there
even though it's really inaccurate you
know I just did it because it looked
really bland so I'm gonna give him this
lightsaber Bank okay the hood back on
and yeah that is the Darth Revan that is
my dog revin and Bastila Shan fingers
from Knights of the Old Republic so I
will be making hopefully making Sutil
Shawn calcine and North malgus can't
promise any three of those but I hope to
make them in the future alright guys I
hope you like these two figures because
I know I certainly do all right I'll see
you guys later
you